**Astronomy Flashcard Web Application**

This isn't a practical application it's a  MAGICAl one!
Generated by coders who enjoy learning, viewing and are passionate about The Universe.  Experience what deep space has to offer in the palm of the hand. Take a moment in spacetime to appreciate your roots and marvel at gorgeous galaxies, nebulas, pulsars, supernovas and much more. These pictures have been captured by NASA satelites and astrophotographers. 
In my humble opinion, one of the best parts to the application is how we decided to incorporate users' ideas, thoughts, and knowledge into becoming active participants in developing the descriptions that lie below the pictures. A user can edit each others entries and expand on the descritptions that have been provided by NASA's APOD api. 

Getting Started
To run our application, download the repository zip file. Then run index.html in your browser.

Code Style
Our code uses JSdoc style commenting.


**Built With**
Bootstrap V3 - CSS framework
APOD API- NASA's public api that features a picture of the day
jQuery
MySQL


**Running the tests**
Explain how to run the automated tests for this system

Break down into end to end tests
Explain what these tests test and why

Give an example
And coding style tests
Explain what these tests test and why


**Deployment**
Uses Heroku


**Authors**
Susan Bryant
Katie Poeltler
and a special thanks to Cj Jordan

**License**
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details

**Acknowledgments**
Stanford's CS193X Homework 3 assignment, that inspired us to build flashcards. 
Inspiration shout out to NASA
etc


























Getting Started
To run the code, download the repository zip file. Then run index.html in your browser.

Code Style
Our code uses JSdoc style commenting.


Built With
Bootstrap V3 - CSS framework
APOD API- NASA's public api that features a picture of the day
jQuery
MySQL
